Dear Dan,

Thanks for arranging three informative reviews of our "Limitless
Regression Discontinuity" manuscript (JEBS-2018-MAN-0075), and for
adding your own well-considered comments to theirs.  We appreciate
this opportunity to revise in light of these critiques. We hope you'll
agree that our doing so has not only addressed the reviewers' concerns
but also significantly improved the paper.

As you'll recall from Ben's telephone consultation with you of October
12, we were led to consider adding an additional example by the
combination of your concerns about accessibility (in particular to
readers "not primarily working on theoretical developments) and
Reviewer 1's suggestion that the paper explore connections to the
"rebar" method we had developed with Brian Rowan and published in
JEBS. We had identified such an example in the mortality series
surrounding Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico, an engaging application
that happens to be well suited structurally to demonstrate one key
idea of our approach through a simplified version of the method
utilizing aspects of rebar.  This revision of the paper expands the
introduction to include the Maria example. This expansion serves
purposes of separating the introduction of our "residual ignorability"
assumption from issues of bandwidth selection, robust regression and
score testing; of more sharply and simply distinguishing our method
from other "local randomization" based methods to appear in recent
literature; and of offering readers a readily visualized example
demonstrating residual ignorability's greater plausibility for
regression discontinuity designs than those methods' core assumptions.  

In adding it we also took the opportunity to streamline and reduce the
density of section 2 of our paper, by relocating our discussion of
Fisherian conditioning in causal inference to these new sections of
the introduction. In contrast to our initial submission, in this
version the material that remains in Section 2 ("Review of selected
methods") all feeds directly into our development of the limitless
regression discontinuity method, helping to address your comment that
"the formal development of randomization inference in Section 2 [was]
useful but the distinction of the purely background material from the
development that was [of] specific importance to your innovations was
not sufficiently clear."  Furthermore the contributions to our
"limitless" method of the methods under review are made more explicit
as they are introduced. The current Section 2.1, for example, begins
by laying out an objective of explaining how Neyman's method enables
the statistician to test weak rather than strong null hypotheses, a
benefit largely inherited by our method; this stands in contrast with
our initial submission's Section 2.1, which began with an admittedly
pedantic contrast of Neyman's and Fisher's approaches to
randomization-based inference.
