
Title: Limitless regression discontinuity

Abstract:

In a regression discontinuity design (RDD), assignment to treatment
versus a control condition is determined by the value of a particular
baseline variable, $R$. In one recent RDD, $R$ is the average of a
student's grades in his first year at university, while the treatment
condition is academic probation, forced upon a student if his $R$
falls below a threshold.  The RDD
setup can be used to estimate deaths attributable to a natural
disaster, for example Hurricane Maria, by contrast of mortality
series before and after the catastrophic event.

Classical analysis of RDDs parametrically models outcomes as linear in
R and the intervention variable, using ordinary least squares for
model fitting.  Some recent RDD methods relax linearity assumptions by
contrasting limits of $\mathrm{E}(Y|R=r)$ as $r$ approaches a
cut-point, $c$, from either side; others avoid passing to limits by
supposing that falling to the left or the right of the threshold is
essentially random, conditionally upon falling close to the threshold.
Either of these approaches turns out to be difficult to reconcile with
the academic probation and Hurricane Maria examples.  Limitless
regression discontinuity relaxes assumptions of classical regression
discontinuity analysis in a somewhat different manner, involving
potential outcomes but also integrating methods and insights from
robust statistics.

The method is straightforward to implement, at least in R or Stata. It
is equally comfortable with discrete and continuous running variables.
It is uniquely equipped to meet the significant, somewhat
misunderstood threat indicated by failure of McCrary's test. It in
dramatic fashion remedies the known fragility of polynomial regression
under the classical approach, reducing its RMSE by factors upwards of
100.

This is joint work with Adam C. Sales, University of Texas-Austin

